added config file and template readme (#7)
RADAR-base-Analytics/mockfeatures: README.md

A example pipeline ilustrative of loading RADAR-data and generating some simple features from this.

# mock-features
Mock Features pipeline

# Description

> The Mock pipeline downloads the data from the [mockdata](https://github.com/RADAR-base-Analytics/mockdata) repository and saves it as a submodule. The mock pipeline used this mock data to calcualte mock features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Mock pipeline downloads the data from the [mockdata](https://github.com/RADAR-base-Analytics/mockdata) repository and saves it as a submodule. mockfeatures pipeline uses this mock data to calculate mock features for illustrative purposes.
```
